# Water-sports-in-Sri-Lanka-Trip
Water sports are common in Sri Lanka because it is an island. Both the seaside and inland rivers and waterfalls provide visitors with a sense of adventure. Watersports enthusiasts can dive inside sunken ships surrounded by coral and exotic fish, or kitesurf over the waves. Seasons vary around the island, resulting in unique opportunities for sports in various areas. Kitesurfing is popular in the west, whereas surfing is popular in the south.  Bentota and Mirissa are the most visited places on Sri Lanka Trip. Most tourists come to enjoy their vacation by engaging in watersports. Bentota, Sri Lanka’s holiday paradise, is famous for its beaches, marine life, mountain top expeditions, and, above all, water sports. Bentota’s water activities are world-renowned, and there is something for everyone of all ages. Windsurfing, Banana rides, Tube rides, sea diving, snorkelling, and surfing are some of the best water sports in Bentota Beach. If you’re new to the world of water sports, numerous water sports centres offer courses to help you. Bentota is a popular Tourist Destination, particularly for the water sports given by practically all of the resorts.  Another best place for watersports is Mirissa. Mirissa Water Sports offers visitors to Southern Sri Lanka fascinating Whale watching, sports fishing, sailing, coastal cruises, snorkelling, and boating activities. The most interesting thing is Whale watching in Mirissa. The best time to go Whale watching in Mirissa is from November to April. Blue whales, Bryde’s whales, Sperm whales, Fin whales, Killer whales, Common dolphins, and turtles can all be seen in the sea with Mirissa whale warriors. So don’t forget to add Mirissa for your Sri Lanka  Itinerary 5 Days.I recommend Sri Lanka offers the best Water sports experience for you. So Don’t miss to enjoy these amazing places in Sri Lanka Itinerary 12 Days. Sri Lanka always welcomes you to give a unique experience that you never had before.

